update(UI overview): add bonita apps (#1362)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/import-export-an-organization.md

# Install/export an organization

This page explains what a user with the _Administrator_ profile in Bonita Portal or in the Bonita Administrator Application can see and do about the Organization of Bonita users (an .xml file). 

Here is a view of this page:
![Install export organization](images/UI2021.1/install-export.png)<!--{.img-responsive}-->

## How to install an organization

::: Warning
This will import a file containing your whole organization data. This organization data will be merged with existing data.  

> In case of conflict, the priority is given to the data in the imported file. Take care not to overwrite information that has been updated in Bonita Portal since the last installation of the organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of conflict, the priority is given to the data in the imported file. You should make sure not to overwrite information that has been updated in Bonita Portal since the last installation of the organization.
```

:::

::: info

> **Note:**

Reviewer: Is it necessary to keep this note ?
